you shall not make idols
neither a carved image nor a sacred
pillars shall you rear up for yourselves
nor shall you set up an engraved stone
in your land to bow down to it for I am
the Lord your God you shall keep my
Sabbath's and reverence my sanctuary I
am the Lord if you walk in my statutes
and keep my Commandments and perform
them then I will give you reign in its
season the land shall yield its produce
and the trees of the field shall yield
their fruit your threshing shall last
till the time of vintage and the vintage
shall last till the time of sowing you
shall eat your bread to the full and
dwell in your land safely I will give
peace in the land and you shall lie down
and none will make you afraid I will rid
the land of evil beasts and the sword
will not go through your land you will
chase your enemies and they shall fall
by the sword before you five of you
shall chase a hundred and a hundred of
you shall put ten thousand to flight
your enemies shall fall by the sword
before you for I will look on you
favoring
and make you fruitful multiply you and
confirm my covenant with you you shall
eat the old harvest and clear out the
old because of the noon I will set my
Tabernacle among you and my soul shall
not apoyo I will walk among you and be
your God and you shall be my people I am
the Lord your God who brought you out of
the land of Egypt that you should not be
their slaves I have broken the bands of
your yoke and made you walk upright but
if you do not obey me and do not observe
all these Commandments and if you
despise my statutes or if your soul
abhors my judgments so that you do not
perform all my commandments but break my
covenant I also will do this to you
I will even appoint terror over you
wasting disease and fever which shall
consume the eyes and cause sorrow of
heart and you shall sow your seed in
vain for your enemies shall eat it I
will set my face against you and you
shall be defeated by your enemies those
who hate you shall reign over you and
you shall flee when no one pursues you
and after all this if you do not obey me
then I will punish you seven times more
for your sins I will break the pride of
your power I will make your heavens like
iron and your earth like bronze and your
strength shall be spent in vain
for your land shall not yield its
produce nor shall the trees of the land
yield their fruit then if you walk
contrary to me and are not willing to
obey me I will bring on you 7
small plagues according to your sins I
will also send wild beasts among you
which shall rob you of your children
destroy your livestock and make you few
in number and your highways shall be
desolate and if by these things you are
not reformed by me but walk contrary to
me then I also will walk contrary to you
and I will punish you yet seven times
for your sins and I will bring a sword
against you that will execute the
vengeance of the Covenant when you are
gathered together within your cities I
will send pestilence among you and you
shall be delivered into the hand of the
enemy when I have cut off your supply of
bread ten women shall bake your bread in
one oven and they shall bring back your
bread by wait and you shall eat and not
be satisfied and after all this if you
do not obey me but walk contrary to me
then I also will walk contrary to you in
fury and I even I will chastise you
seven times for your sins you shall eat
the flesh of your sons and you shall eat
the flesh of your daughters I will
destroy your high places cut down your
incense altars and cast your carcasses
on the lifeless forms of your idols and
my soul shall abhor you I will lay your
cities waste and bring your sanctuaries
to desolation and I will not smell the
fragrance of
sweet aromas I will bring the land to
desolation and your enemies who dwell in
it shall be astonished at it I will
scatter you among the nations and draw
out a sword after you your land shall be
desolate and your cities waste then the
land shall enjoy its Sabbath's as long
as it lies desolate and you are in your
enemy's land then the land shall rest
and enjoy its Sabbath's as long as it
lies desolate it shall rest for the time
it did not rest on your Sabbath's when
you dwelt in it and as for those of you
who are left
I will send faintness into their hearts
in the lands of their enemies the sound
of a shaken leaf shall cause them to
flee they shall flee as though fleeing
from a sword and they shall fall when no
one pursues they shall stumble over one
another as it were before a sword when
no one pursues and you shall have no
power to stand before your enemies you
shall perish among the nations and the
land of your enemies shall eat you up
and those of you who are left shall
waste away in their iniquity in your
enemy's lands also in their father's
iniquities which are with them they
shall wish
but if they confess their iniquity and
the iniquity of their fathers with their
unfaithfulness in which they were
unfaithful to me and that they also have
walked contrary to me and that I also
have walked contrary to them and have
brought them into the land of their
enemies if their uncircumcised hearts
are humbled and they accept their guilt
then I will remember my covenant with
Jacob and my covenant with Isaac and my
covenant with Abraham I will remember I
will remember the land the land also
shall be left empty by them and will
enjoy its Sabbath's while it lies
desolate without them they will accept
their guilt because they despised my
judgments and because their soul
abhorred my statutes yet for all that
when they are in the land of their
enemies I will not cast them away
nor shall I abhor them to utterly
destroy them and break my covenant with
them for I am the Lord their God but for
their sake I will remember the Covenant
of their ancestors whom I brought out of
the land of Egypt in the sight of the
nations that I might be their God
I am the Lord
these are the statutes and judgments and
laws which the Lord made between himself
and the children of Israel on Mount
Sinai by the hand of Moses
[Music]